Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#292)
ModellingWebLab/cellmlmanip: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ModellingWebLab/cellmlmanip.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/ModellingWebLab/cellmlmanip) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cellmlmanip/badge/?version=latest)](https://cellmlmanip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/ModellingWebLab/cellmlmanip/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ModellingWebLab/cellmlmanip/)

# cellmlmanip
CellML loading and model equation manipulation library

## Installing 

> We reccomend installing chaste_codegen in a vritual environment (using conda or virtualenv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing cellmlmanip in a virtual environment (e.g. using conda or pipenv or virtualenv).
```

> Users install `cellmlmanip` using pip.

Reviewer 2: Probably just say "Cellmlmanip can be installed using pip:"

No need to differentiate between user/devel here. Also not sure it's called `cellmlmanip`, in code style, is it?

Author: do you have a better idea for naming the pypi pacakge?

Reviewer 2: OK, I understand what you're saying now :D

Reviewer 2: I would write something like "Users would install Cellmlmanip using `pip install cellmlmanip`"

```
pip install cellmlmanip
```

Cellmlmanip is tested and developed on Python 3.5 and higher.

## Documentation

> API documentation explaining how to use cellmlmanip can be found on [readthedocs](https://cellmlmanip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API documentation explaining how to use cellmlmanip can be found on [readthedocs](https://cellmlmanip.readthedocs.io/en/latest)
```
